[Docs] Fix grammar in related-projects.md (#14227)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/discover-more/related-projects/related-projects.md

# Related projects

> <p class="description">We have built a carefully curated collection of libraries that are worth giving a look.</p>

Reviewer: Thanks for raising this, I think the sentence is pretty awkward even with the addition. What do you think about
```suggestion
<p class="description">We have carefully curated a list of libraries that are worth having a look at.</p>
```

Author: Yeah, I think your suggestion works fine.  😀
